Arguments page (#42)
dema-trading-ai/wiki: docs/getting_started/backtesting/arguments.md

                            Select specific strategy.

```
When backtesting, you can make use of the arguments listed above. To run the engine using these 
arguments, use ```docker-compose run``` instead of ```docker-compose up```. The command will then look like 
this:
```
docker-compose run --rm dema-engine <command> <optional arguments>
```
> Adding the flag ```--rm``` will remove the container after the backtest is done (highly recommended).

## Examples
### Backtesting period
When you want to configure the backtesting period, you can use the arguments ```-from``` and ```-to```. For both 
arguments the date has to be formatted either YYYYMMDD or YYYY-MM-DD. If the date is not specified in the command line, 
the engine will use the dates in the config. For example, to run a backtest from 2021-01-01 to 2021-02-01 use the 
command:
```
docker-compose run --rm dema-engine -from 20210101 -to 20210201
```

### Strategy
When working on multiple strategies at the same time it is recommended to use the argument ```-s``` to easily backtest 
another strategy. Make sure your strategies are saved in the ./strategies/ folder and that the classes have different

> names. For example, to run a strategy where the class is called 'NewStrategy' use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
names. For example, to run a strategy which class is named 'NewStrategy', while using the configuration present in ```config.json```, use the command:
```

                            Create candle data plots. Also includes populated buy/sell signals 
                            and indicators specified in the config.
    -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                            Select specific config file.
    -s STRATEGY_NAME, --strategy-name STRATEGY_NAME
                            Select specific strategy.

```
When backtesting your created strategy you can make use of the arguments listed above. To run the engine using these 
arguments we have to use ```docker-compose run``` instead of ```docker-compose up```. The command will then look like 
this:
```
docker-compose run --rm dema-engine <command> <optional arguments>
```
> Adding the flag ```--rm``` will remove the container after the backtest is done (highly recommended).

## Examples
### Backtesting period
When you want to configure the backtesting period, you can use the arguments ```-from``` and ```-to```. For both 
arguments the date has to be formatted either YYYYMMDD or YYYY-MM-DD. If the date is not specified in the command line, 
the engine will use the dates in the config. For example, to run a backtest from 2021-01-01 to 2021-02-01 use the 
command:
```

> docker-compose run --rm dema-engine -from 2021-01-01 -to 20210201

Reviewer: Did you use different formatting here intentionally? Looks a bit odd. I think the above explanation sufficiently clarifies it, and this example only confuses.

Author: Yes it was on purpose. I just wanted to show that they can be used interchangeably, but I agree with you.

```
> Here, you can see that the format of the timestamp can be used interchangeably.

### Strategy and config
When working on multiple strategies at the same time it is recommended to use the argument ```-s``` to easily backtest 
another strategy. Make sure your strategies are saved in the ./strategies/ folder and that the classes have different
names. For example, to run a strategy where the class is called 'NewStrategy', use the command:
```
docker-compose run --rm dema-engine -s NewStrategy
```

Furthermore, if each strategy also has its own optimised config you can easily select this as well using the argument 
```-c```. The value for this argument is the path to your new config. If you have saved a new config file in your 
```dema-engine``` folder and called it e.g.```new-strategy-config.json```, you can use the following command:
```

> docker-compose run --rm dema-engine -s NewStrategy -c new-strategy-config.json

Reviewer: This won't work out of the box, because this new .json file is not mounted in the docker-compose.yml file. That means it won't be able to find it.

Reviewer 2: Exactly what @marijn111 says. Maybe say it should be placed in the ``out`` directory of the engine when running with docker?

Author: Ok. How do bot creators do this now in Docker? Change the .yml every time? Or can you just add it to volumes?
